.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/new-model.md, before:

---
name: New Model(s)
about: To ask for the addition of new models to the leaderbord and/or model zoo
title: "[New Model] <NameYearFirstWordOfTitle>"
labels: new-model
assignees: ''

---

# Paper Information

- **Paper Title**:
- **Paper URL**:
- **Paper authors**:

# Leaderboard Claim(s)

Add here the claim for your model(s). Copy and paste the following subsection for the number of models you want to add.

## Model 1

- **Architecture**:
- **Threat Model**: One of {L2,Linf,Common Corruptions}
- **eps**: (N/A for common corruptions)
- **Clean accuracy**:
- **Robust accuracy**:
- **Additional data**: true/false
- **Evaluation method**:
- **Checkpoint and code**: (insert here the URL for the checkpoint and the code. If you don't want
  to share your checkpoint publicly, you can share it for a private submission via an email
  to `adversarial.benchmark@gmail.com`).

## Model 2

...

# Model Zoo:

- [ ] I want to add my models to the Model Zoo (check if true)
- [ ] I use an architecture that is **not** included among
  those [here](https://github.com/RobustBench/robustbench/tree/master/robustbench/model_zoo/architectures) (
  check if true).
- [ ] I agree to release my model(s) under MIT license (check if true) **OR**
- [ ] I want my models to be released under a custom license, located here: (custom license URL
  here)

Commit message:

Update issue template to mention `timm` models

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/new-model.md, after:

---
name: New Model(s)
about: To ask for the addition of new models to the leaderbord and/or model zoo
title: "[New Model] <NameYearFirstWordOfTitle>"
labels: new-model
assignees: ''

---

# Paper Information

- **Paper Title**:
- **Paper URL**:
- **Paper authors**:

# Leaderboard Claim(s)

Add here the claim for your model(s). Copy and paste the following subsection for the number of models you want to add.

## Model 1

- **Architecture**:
- **Threat Model**: One of {L2,Linf,Common Corruptions}
- **eps**: (N/A for common corruptions)
- **Clean accuracy**:
- **Robust accuracy**:
- **Additional data**: true/false
- **Evaluation method**:
- **Checkpoint and code**: (insert here the URL for the checkpoint and the code. If you don't want
  to share your checkpoint publicly, you can share it for a private submission via an email
  to `adversarial.benchmark@gmail.com`).

## Model 2

...

# Model Zoo:

- [ ] I want to add my models to the Model Zoo (check if true)
- [ ] I use an architecture that is included among
  those [here](https://github.com/RobustBench/robustbench/tree/master/robustbench/model_zoo/architectures) or in `timm`. If not, I added the link to the architecture implementation so that it can be added.
- [ ] I agree to release my model(s) under MIT license (check if true) **OR** under a custom license, located here: (put the custom license URL here if a custom license is needed. If no URL is specified, we assume that you are fine with MIT)
